# kotwiczka

You can see it here: https://youtu.be/vuujXPyLhUQ?si=j08U-44iOXc6Ts3X

When we ask a question - Is it possible at all? We're trying to find answers. Next time we do not ask - is it possible ?, but - how to do it? Our brain switches to a different, better path.
Initially, I was programming arduino projects as a hobby, it was really cool. During my studies I was programming in C #, the exercises were not great. The fun started when I started to make examples from the book - "Introduction to programming in C #" by Anna Kempa, Tomasz Staś. Maybe someday I'll come back to arduino in C and projects in C #, but one day if time allows me to go this way.
So I wrote my first really useful program, which was the beginning of my true passion for programming.
I am an electrical engineer (almost). In my work, when creating typical circuit boards of the project in the E-PLAN program, a repetitive part of the work pattern appeared. I was very angry that I had to repeat these activities so many times. I asked my colleagues if there is any program or solution that can help me. One of my colleagues told me that there is an area - a program that can be helpful. I installed AUTO IT and did research. Soon I was creating new branches of my program, everything I needed in this topic, and even more. I showed my program to my friends from work. They liked my solution very much. But that was just the beginning ... Since then, I've been creating code with a passion when only time allows it. I'm learning HTML, CSS, PHP, JS, C ++ and GIT of course, it gives me a lot of pleasure. I try to learn a lot of things because everything is fascinating. I recommend everyone to try programming, it can be your hobby!
